1. 公司/项目名称：24K Finance
2. 官方链接（网站, GitHub, LinkedIn, 等）:https://x.com/24K_finance
3. 您的名字:Makabaka
4. 电子邮箱:youngmakabaka@gmail.com
5. Telegram或微信:@cryptomakabaka
6. 您的项目类别（如AI，DeFi，DePIN，开发者教育以及生态，工具，基础设施，RWA，支付，其他类别请说明）:RWA
7. 您的产品处于什么阶段？（如产品阶段，构思阶段，MVP/原型/概念验证，商业模式验证，开始获客，规模化与市场匹配）:MVP/原型/概念验证
8. 项目介绍（请清晰说明您的项目概况及为何选择开展此项目）:24K Finance is an RWA project focusing on tokenized gold mine assets. Through 24K, users can invest in gold and gold mines through cryptocurrencies and enjoy more than a 30% APY generated during the mining process.
With 24K, we aim to make investment in gold mines accessible to all and provide a more efficient alternative for gold investment.

9. 您的项目试图解决什么问题？为何解决这个问题很重要？:对于全球投资者来说，无法加入到金矿这种高收益项目的投资机会中。对于全球金矿主来说，需要解决募资难的问题。对于defi协议来说，一个实现mass adaption的机会。 所以希望利用rwa，来增加金矿产业的流动性，帮助散户获得投资机会，。
10. 您提出的解决方案是什么？（请根据上一个问题来回答。）：24K aims to tokenize global gold mine resources to enhance liquidity and promote financial inclusion.
Features:
	•	Tokenized Gold Mines with 30+% APY from mine operations.
	•	Tokenized Gold.
	•	Mining launchpad platform.
	•	On-chain gold spot and futures exchanges.

Impact:
	•	Increase efficiency in fundraising to develop gold mines.
	•	Lower the investment threshold for investors to participate in gold mines or gold investments. 
	•	Utilize Web3 for greater transparency and trust.
	•	Combine innovation with the value of natural resources.
	•	Offering a new choice for sustainable and consistent yield for existing DeFi protocols.

11. 竞争对手/类似产品（您的项目在Aptos生态系统内外是否有直接竞争产品或同类项目？）：Competitors:
PAXG （only tokenized Gold in Secondary Market）
DIGIX (only tokenized Gold in Secondary Market）
STAU (Jewelry Focused)
AsteroidX (Gold Mine Focus, not yet own any mines)
Lumia (Tokenization Focus, not yet own any mines)
Why do we stand apart:
Dr.Max and Hugh have decades of experience managing, operating, and raising funds for gold mine projects. They also have professional mining skills, such as aligning with compliance, minimizing mining costs, and effectively leveraging partnership, labor, technological, and governmental resources in the region where the mine is located. They have three gold mines in Africa now. Other products like Lumia, which could help tokenize assets, do not have real assets now. Furthermore, Young has experience in building a DEFAI product with 1M+ Users, demonstrating strong skills in building products with true PMF.

In simpler terms, we are competitive in:
	•	Go-to-market strategy
	•	Product Managing
	•	Web3 Community Integration and Establishment
	•	Working with the government, local infrastructure, and local labor for gold mine development
	•	Provide Authenticated Audited Report
	•	Compliance with existing regulations

While we can provide the following resources that others can't:
	•	Gold Mine Ownership
	•	Audit Resources
	•	Global Web3 Community Resources
	•	KOL & CM resources
在Aptos目前没有发现直接竞争产品
12. 为什么选择Aptos？：和Max聊得来，在日本听过新CEO现场演讲，了解目前Aptos的现状和未来的规划，决定一起成长。并且Aptos的性能、美国的资源及影响力，十分适合一个创业团队做国际化、并覆盖大量TVL的发展
13. 团队背景。请列出联合创始人的姓名、职位、领英链接及简要履历（年龄、教育背景、工作/创业经历、过往项目等）：CEO: Max
◦ Max has a PhD in Mining Engineering from the University of New South Wales, Australia, with over 10 years of experience in the gold mining industry. He has participated in the exploration, development, operation management, and resource assessment of multiple overseas gold mining projects in Australia, Cameroon, Senegal, etc. The gold mining projects Max was involved in have achieved significant records that include but are not limited to 1) producing 18kg of gold in a single day and 2) an annual output value of up to 800kg of gold. Currently, as the project leader of 24k, Max is leading the project's strategic planning, team management, and external cooperation.
COO : Hugh
◦ With over 6 years of experience in the gold mining industry, Hugh is proficient in the exploration, mining, and management of gold mineral resources and can efficiently advance projects. He has led the exploration, development, and operation of multiple overseas gold mining projects. Hugh will be responsible for the investment, financing, and mergers and acquisitions of several overseas gold mining projects to further expand the 24K ecosystem, with rich cross-industry project management experience.
Director: Wang Caigen
◦ Caigen is the chairman and founder of Tietuo Mining, the first Chinese gold mining enterprise to list in Australia. During his 13 years as Executive Director and General Manager, he led the company through private exploration, listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), determination of gold resources, project research, and mine construction, ultimately making the Abuja gold mine in Côte d*Ivoire one of the pioneering gold producers in Africa.
◦ Caigen holds bachelor, master, and doctoral degrees in Mining Engineering from China University of Mining and Technology. He is also a senior member of AusIMM and a Chartered Professional Engineer of the Institution of Engineers Australia. Caigen has 30 years of academic and practical experience in mining engineering and mineral exploration in Australia, China, Africa, and Canada.
CTO: Alfred
◦ Alred is a renowned technology expert, formerly worked at Alibaba and ByteDance, and served as a front-end technology expert at Alibaba. Furthermore, he was a front-end architect at Qunar.com, and was the former CTO of a well-known tech startup. Alfre has extensive experience in front-end and back-end, data analysis, and architecture development to ensure the security and usability of the 24K Finance Platform.
CMO: Young
◦ Young has rich experience in TradFi and DeFi, and has helped multiple projects achieve breakthroughs from zero to millions of users. Before joining 24K, Young took the leading role in the Alpha network before joining 24K and initiated a DeFi community with 3000+ active users/traders.

14. 如果有多位创始人，请说明你们如何结识的？：现实世界的朋友，有资源共享的合作。
15. 你们共同合作过多少个项目？创始人之间如何分配职责？：第一次合作，采矿部分由CEO、COO负责，RWA的操盘部分由CMO负责，技术部分由CTO负责
16. 创始团队是否全职投入本项目？若非全职，请说明其他事务及每位创始人当前投入项目的时间比例。：全职投入
17. 创始人常驻地点？：挖矿在非洲，平时在日本，创业初期聚焦在香港、迪拜或全球飞
18. 带里程碑的预算提案（Grant金额通常为10k~50k美元。请按里程碑和预计完成时间制定您的预算计划。）：50k美元，1）April - May :
Seek Incubators and VCs: Contact potential incubators and venture capital institutions for support.
Product Development: Develop the project website, design the pre-deposit mechanism, and integrate with professional institutions through on-chain smart contracts.
Design SPV Solution: Complete the registration and legal structure design of the SPV entity to ensure compliance.
Plan Marketing Operations: Formulate plans for community building and marketing.
Community Establishment: Establish the project community and recruit ambassadors.
（2）June :
Officially Release Whitepaper: Publish the whitepaper to the public and investors to enhance transparency.
Product Launch: Launch the website and fully open the pre-deposit function.•
Implement SPV and Custody Solutions: Officially implement the SPV entity and asset custody mechanism.
Design Points Mechanism: Design a user points system to lay the foundation for subsequent incentive mechanisms.
（3）July - September :
Develop Tokenized Gold Technology: Start researching the technical implementation path for tokenized gold.
Launch Points Incentive Mechanism: Launch the points system to incentivize early user participation.
（4）October - December :
Start First Gold Mining Operation: Begin mining operations at the first gold mine.
Community Building Plan: Launch online community activities to increase user engagement.

19. 核心团队是否需要Aptos Space（香港）的办公空间支持？：如果有最好，团队成员有香港人，但不会占用太多。

